How does it feel to eat the consequences?
Du Chen, don't be too proud
It's not over yet.
Will find a few ways
Talented people evade taxes
The amount involved is huge
Has it been taken away by the superintendent of patrol?
Chubby Chubby
It's you who's gone
Goldfish, you let me down so much. What?
It's really not my fault.
You trust me.
It's him, it's all his fault
Which eye did you see that it was me doing the trick?
Obviously it's you
You have to spend 1 billion to buy a talented woman
I knew he would report milk
It's all your trajectory
You are stupid
There are pits and jumping in
No wonder Xingyao Media is finished now.
Why don't I give you an idea?
Sell him to me
How to ferry
Dreaming of a company going bankrupt
I can't sell it to you either.
We'll see about that.
Let's go
Mr. Du, these are the live streaming hosts you asked me to sign up for.
Please sign
Don't worry, Miss Zhou.
Should you follow the bet?
To be my personal secretary
Secretary Zhou
Are you trying to cheat?